Xiao Chen, what's wrong with you?
Are you not feeling well?
Hurry up and drink some water
No need for Aunt Su
I think Brother Xiao and Late Autumn
It's a perfect match
talented woman
Made in heaven
What, really?
Aunt Su, do you really have the heart to break him up?
What's wrong with Xiao Chen?
Did you get your head hit by a door?
Actually, Aunt Su, I have one more thing to confess.
Our family has already gone bankrupt
I'm just swollen and fat now
Look at this Nanhong agate
It's actually red pebbles.
And this emerald
It's a glass bottle.
These add up to less than 100 yuan
Hey, and this experience
The color fades, it's all fake, Xiao Chen, you are
Never mind.
Please don't force Brother Xiao and Wanqiu to divorce.
They are a match made in heaven.
Well, I have something to do, so I'll go first
Brother Xiao Late Autumn
I wish you a happy union in a hundred years
Have a son early
Xiao Chen Xiao Chen Auntie
Stop doing this shit
This kind of thing is too unreliable
If you are so poor, then you will follow your stinky company.
Live a lifetime
Don't worry about your affairs in the future.